This project is to automatically generate request reports from the final outcome tables, and publish them in zenodo.

Instructions to generate and publish the request reports:

1) Fill a "final outcome table" like this one: https://docs.google.com/spreadsheets/d/1IQQ9toViwCb4dEF50Zlc7wWJNsh1ioZTi5lOmxBzyMs/edit#gid=1122743291

The important fields are the ones in black. The ones in gray are either not critical for the report, or they will be automatically filled from our database. If you write anything in any of these fields, whatever you write will have precedence on the information stored in the database. Also, if you want to leave the field empty in the report (so not use the info in our database), you can write <remove>.

2) Execute generate_reports('url_of_final_outcome_table')

The 'url_of_final_outcome_table' may be a list of many url's generated by selecting several files in google drive, right-click, share, copy links. They are separated by a standard string, and our code will read them separately.

This will generate the word document, pdf and email list of the report (IMPORTANT: Word will ask you to confirm the creation of the pdf. Make sure you save it in the same folder as the word file). It will also include the request to the list in this spreadsheet (unless it was already there): https://docs.google.com/spreadsheets/d/1JCtFrOjdDdxI99NPGoMfWO9TWiVGOmVHE9Dqg8Yxi8c/edit#gid=906247198 

3) Confirm the report with requester, volunteers and Crowdfight staff. To do this, the text file with the e-mails will be useful, so that you can directly copy-paste the e-mails in freshdesk. There are also canned responses prepared, and they contain a link to the form to send corrections.

4) To make corrections to the report, update the final outcome table and execute update_report(report_number)

5) Once the report is ready for publication, execute ...